All right welcome back.
So it's time for another exercise this time.
You're going to use fetch to build a random user generator.
Not the most useful thing ever i know but there is an API that's free and public that will give us random
user data and we're going to build a simple little widget.
You click a button here and we get random user data here.
So let me show you how it works.
Here I've got a random user.
Every time I click I get a new random user.
So I've got a name profile picture that's coming from the API.
A user name and email and a city.
There's a bunch of other data that comes back from the API.
But this is all I chose to use.
We can keep going to show you the API itself.
The link is in the resources but this is it.
So we get one result.
It's an array by the way.
And in that array there's only one thing one object.
So we can see gender.
We've got name location that's from getting city from e-mail username is coming from log in username
and think Oh and picture I mean using the medium sized picture.
So that's all the data we need here is the API itself.
Like I said it's in the resources.
So the way it works is to have starter code so you don't have to write any success or HMO.
This is the starter.
It does nothing.
You don't need to write all javascript to select the button have a click event fire that actually sends
a fetch request.
This API gets data back extracts the important information and updates it.
The other thing I'll point out is that you don't need to change the team at all.
I've already given IDs to everything you need to update.
So for example this right here that says John Snow right now has an ID a full name so you can select
that javascript and update the entered text to be whatever you know.
ISABELLA.
Oh boy.
Shroeder.
So something like that.
Same thing with user name for King of the north right now.
So there's an idea there.
We've got an ID for email and an ID for City and then for the photo.
Where are you right here.
Theres an idea of Avatar and youll be updating the source of that rather than the text.
So thats the basics.
Try the starter code I actually go ahead and include the link and starter code as well commented out
and go from there.
The last thing I'll mention is this is what my finished fecche request looks like in the solution.
So if you want to try and match this syntax I have named a bunch of functions handle errors parse J
saw an update profile.
These are all things I defined.
So my fecche itself is really short and clean inside the click handler.
So if you want to try and follow this you can it's really just a stylistic preference.
But it's how I'm going to do the solution as well.
So it's not required but if you like this try and match it all right.
Give it a shot.